Add Indexing Pipeline Information and File Classifier Page (#360)
deepset-ai/haystack-website: docs/latest/pipeline_nodes/file_classifier.mdx

# File Classifier

> A File Classifier distinguishes between text, pdf, markdown, docx and html files so that they can be appropriately routed through an indexing pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A File Classifier distinguishes between text, pdf, Markdown, Docx, and HTML files so that they can be appropriately routed through an indexing pipeline.
```

Reviewer: Does it also route the files? If yes, can we say: ...and HTML files and routes them to appropriate Nodes in an indexing pipeline.

|||
|-------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|__Position in a Pipeline__| At the very beginning of an indexing pipeline |

> |__Input__       | Filename                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: If "filename" is not an object or class in Haystack, can we change it to File name?

> |__Output__      | Filename (routed)                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: same as above

|__Classes__     | FileTypeClassifier                                                                                                           |
|||

## Usage

> By default, the FileTypeClassifier has 5 outgoing edges. An incoming file will be routed through one of these outgoing edges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the FileTypeClassifier has five outgoing edges. It routes an incoming file through one of these outgoing edges.
```

Reviewer: Or actually, can we change this to (assuming I understood correctly and it's true):
By default, the FileTypeClassifier has five outgoing edges. It routes an incoming file through one of these outgoing edges to the [File Converter](/pipeline_nodes/file-converters), which then converts them into [Documents](/components/documents-ansers-labels#documents).

These files then need to be converted into [Documents](/components/documents-answers-labels#document) via a [File Converter](/pipeline_nodes/file-converters).

> 

Reviewer: These are the default outgoing edges of the File Classifier:

| Outgoing Edge | File Type |
|---------------|-----------|
| 1             | Text      |
| 2             | PDF       |
| 3             | Markdown  |
| 4             | DOCX      |
| 5             | HTML      |

> To set up a FileTypeClassifier, run:

Reviewer: Does "set up" mean "initialize"?
